Hi everyone. Thank you for joining us today for
prompting 101. Uh my name is Hannah. I'm part
of the applied AI team here at Anthropic. And
with me is Christian, also part of the applied
AI team. And what we're going to do today is
take you through a little bit of prompting best
practices. And we're going to use a real world
scenario and build up a prompt together. Uh so
a little bit about what prompt engineering is. uh
prompt engineering. You're all probably a little
bit familiar with this. This is the way that we
communicate with a language model and try to get
it to do what we want. So, this is the practice of
writing clear instructions for the model, giving
the model the context that it needs to complete
the task, and thinking through how we want to
arrange that information in order to get the
best result. Um, so there's a lot of detail here,
a lot of different ways you might want to think
about building out a prompt. Um, and as always,
the best way to learn this is just to practice
doing it. Um, so today we're going to go through
a hands-on scenario. Uh, we're going to use an
example inspired by a real customer that we worked
with. So, we've modified what the actual customer
asked us to do, but this is a really interesting
case of trying to analyze some images and get uh
factual information out of the images and have
Claude make a judgment about what content it finds
there. And I actually do not speak the language
that this content is in, but luckily Christian and
Claude both do. Uh so I'm going to pass it over
to Christian to talk about the scenario and the
content. So for this example that we have here,
it's uh intended so so to set the stage, imagine
you're working for a Swedish insurance company
and you deal with uh car insurance claims on a
daily manner. Um and the purpose of this is that
you have two pieces of information. Um we're going
to these in detail as well, but visually you can
see on the left hand side we have a car accident
report form. um just detailing out what transpired
before the action accident actually took place.
And then finally, we have a sort of human drawn
um sketch of how the accident took place as well.
So these two pieces of information is what we're
going to try to pass on to cloud. And to begin
with, we could just take these two and throw them
into a console and just see what what happens.
So if we transition over to console as well,
we can actually do this in a real manner. And
in this case here, you can see we have our
shiny beautiful entropic console. We're using the
new claw for solid model as well. In this case,
setting temperature zero and having a a huge max
token budget as well. Just helping us make sure
that there's no limitations to what CL can do. In
this case, you can see I have a very simple prompt
just setting the stage of what Cloud's supposed
to do. in this case mentioning that this is
um intend to review a an accident report form uh
and eventually also determine um what happened
in an accident and who's at fault. So you can
see here with this very simple prompt if I just
run this let me go to preview. Uh we can see here
that Claude thinks that this is in relation to a
skiing accident that happened on a street called
Chappangan. It's a very common street in Sweden.
Um and in many ways you can sort of understand
this innocent mistake in the sense that in our
prompt we actually haven't done anything to set
the stage on what is actually taking place here.
So this sort of first guess is not too bad but
we still notice a lot of intuition that we can
bake into cloud. So if we switch back to the
slides you can see here that um in many ways
prompt engineering is a very iterative empirical
science. Uh in this case here, we could almost
have a test case where Claude is supposed to make
sure it understands it's in a car or vehicular
environment, nothing to do with skiing. Uh and in
that way, you iteratively build upon your prompt
to make sure it's actually tackling the problem
you're intending to solve. Um and to do so,
we'll go through some best practices of how we we
at Anthropic break this down internally and how we
recommend others to do so as well. So, we're going
to talk about some best practices for developing
a great prompt. Uh, first we want to talk a
little bit about what a great prompt structure
looks like. So you might be familiar with kind of
interacting with a chatbot with Claude going back
and forth having a more kind of conversational
style interaction. When we're working with a task
like this, we're probably using the API and we
kind of want to send one single message to Claude
and have it nail the task the first time around
without needing to uh kind of move back and forth.
Uh, so the kind of structure that we recommend is
setting the task description up front. So telling
Claude, "What are you here to do? What's your
role? What task are you trying to accomplish
today?" Then we provide content. So in this
case, it's the images that Christian was showing,
the form and the drawing of the accident and how
they occurred. That's our dynamic content. This
might also be something you're retrieving from
another system, depending on what your use case
is. We're going to give some detailed instructions
to Claude, so almost like a step-by-step list of
how we want Claude to go through the task and how
we want it to um tackle the reasoning. We may give
some examples to Claude. Here's an example of some
piece of content you might receive. Here's how you
should respond when given that content. And at
the end, we usually recommend repeating anything
that's really important for Claude to understand
about this task. Kind of uh reviewing the
information with Claude, emphasizing things that
are extra critical and then telling Claude, "Okay,
go ahead and do your work." So, here's another
view. This has a little bit more detail, a little
bit more of a breakdown, and we're going to walk
through each of these 10 points individually and
show you how we build this up, um, in the console.
So, the first couple things, um, Christian's
going to talk about the task context and the tone
context. Perfect. So, yeah, if we begin with the
task context, as you realized when I went through
a little demo there, um, we didn't have much
elaborating what what scenario Chlo was actually
working within. And because of that, you can also
tell that claw doesn't necessarily need to guess a
lot more on what you actually want from it. So in
our case, we really want to break that down, make
sure we can give more clear-cut instructions. Um,
and also make sure we understand what's the
task that we're asking Claw to do. Um, secondly,
as well, we also make sure we add a little bit of
tone into it all. Um, key thing here is we want
Claw to stay factual and to stay confident. So if
uh, Claw can't understand what it's looking at,
we don't want to guess and just sort of mislead
us. We want to make sure that any assessment
and in our case we want to make sure that we can
understand who's at fault here. We want to make
sure that assessment is as clear and as confident
as possible. If not, we're sort of losing track of
what we're doing. So if we transition back to the
the console, um we can jump to a V2 that we have
here. So I'll just navigate to V2. And you can see
here um I'll also just illustrate the data because
we didn't really do that last time around just
to really highlight what we're looking at. So,
what we're seeing here, this is the car accident
report form, and it's just 17 different checkboxes
going through what actually happened. You
can see there's a vehicle A and vehicle B,
both on the left and right hand side. And the main
purpose of this is that we want to make sure that
Claude can understand this manually generated data
to assess what's actually going on. And that is
uh corroborated by if I navigate back here to this
sketch that we can highlight here as well. In this
case, the form is just a different um data point
for the same scenario. Um and in this case here, I
want to bake in more information into our version
two. Uh and by doing so, I'm actually elaborating
a lot more on what's going on. So, you can see
here I'm specifying that uh this AI assistant is
supposed to help a human's claim claims adjuster
that's reviewing car accident report forms in
Swedish as well. Um, you can see here we're also
elaborating that it's a human-driven sketch of
the incident and that you should not um make an
assessment if it's not actually fully confident.
And that's really key because if we run this,
you'll see that and you can see it's the same
settings as well. Clo my new shiny model zero
temperature as well. If we run this, we can see
here what actually happens in this case. Um, CL is
able to pick up that uh now it's relating to car
accidents, not skiing accidents, which is great.
We can see it's able to pick up that vehicle A was
marked on on checkbox one and then vehicle B was
on 12. Um, and if we scroll down though, we can
still tell that there's some information missing
for claw to make a fully confident determination
of who's at fault here. And this is great. This
is pertaining to a task set. Make sure you don't
make anything any claims that aren't um uh factual
and make sure you you only sort of assess things
when you're when you're confident. But there's
a lot of information we're still missing here.
um regarding the form uh what the form actually
entails and a lot of that information is what
we want to want to bake into this LM application
as well and the best way of doing so is actually
adding it to the system prompt which Hannah will
elaborate on. Um so back in the slides uh we have
the next item we're going to add to the prompt
and this is um background detail data documents
and images and here as Christian was saying we
actually know a lot about this form. the form is
going to be the same every single time. The form
will never change. And so this is a really great
type of information to provide to Claude to tell
Claude, here's the structure of the form you'll
be looking at. We know that will not ever alter
between different queries. The way the form is
filled out will change, but the form itself is not
going to change. And so this is a great type of
um information to put into the system prompt. Also
a great thing to use prompt caching for if you're
considering using prompt caching. This will always
be the same. And what this will help Claude do is
spend less time trying to figure out what the form
is the first time it sees the form each time. And
it's going to do a better job of reading the form
because it already knows um what to expect there.
So another thing I want to touch on here is how we
like to organize information in prompts. So Claude
really loves structure, loves organization.
That's why we recommend following kind of a
standard structure in your prompts. And there's
a couple other tools you can use to help Claude
understand the information better. I also just
want to mention all of this is in our docs with a
lot of really great examples. So definitely take
pictures, but if you forget to take a picture,
don't worry. All of this content is online with
lots of examples and definitely encourage you
guys to check it out there too. Um anyway the uh
so some things you can use delimiters like XML
tags also markdown is pretty useful to Claude
but XML tags are nice because you can actually
specify what's inside those tags. So we can tell
Claude here's here's user preferences. Now you're
going to read some content and these XML tags are
letting you know that everything wrapped in those
tags is related to the user's preferences and
it helps Claude refer back to that information
maybe at later points in the prompt. Um, so I
want to show in the back in the console how we
actually do this in this case. And Christian's
going to pull up our version three. So we're
keeping everything about the other part of the
user prompt the same. And we've decided in this
case to put this information in the system prompt.
You could try this different ways. Uh, we're doing
it in the system prompt here. And we're going
to tell Claude everything it needs to know about
this form. So this is a Swedish car accident
form. The form will be in Swedish. It'll have
this title. It'll have two columns. The columns
represent different vehicles. We'll tell Claude
about each of the 17 rows and what they mean.
You might have noticed when we ran it before,
Claude was reading individually each of the lines
to understand what they are. We can provide all of
that information up front. And we're also going
to give Claude a little bit of information about
how this form should be filled out. This is also
really useful for Claude. We can tell it things
like, you know, humans are filling this form
out basically. So, it's not going to be perfect.
People might put a circle. They might scribble.
They might not put an X in the box. There could
be many types of markings that you need to look
for when you're reading this form. Uh we can also
give Claude a little bit of information about how
to interpret this or what the purpose or meaning
of this form is. And all of this is context
that is hopefully really going to help Claude
um do a better job analyzing the form. So if
we run it, everything else is still the same.
So we've kept the same user prompt down here.
Oh, your scroll is backwards from mine. Uh,
the we have the same user prompt here. Still
asking Claude to do the same task, same context.
And we'll see here that it's spending less time.
It's kind of narrating to us a little bit less
about what the form is because it already knows
what that is. And it's not concerned with kind
of bringing us that information back. It's going
to give us a whole list of what it found to be
checked, what the sketch shows. And here Claude
is now becoming much more confident with this
additional context that we gave to Claude. Claude
now feels it's appropriate to say vehicle B was
at fault in this case based on this drawing and
based on this sketch. So already we're seeing some
improvement in the way Claude is analyzing these.
I think we could probably all agree if we looked
at the drawing and at the list that vehicle
B is at fault. Um so we'd like to see that.
Uh so we're going to go back to the slides and
talk about a couple of other items that we're not
really using in this prompt um but can be really
helpful to building up uh building up your prompt
and making it work better. Exactly. I think um
one thing that we really highlight is examples.
I think examples or few shot is a mechanism that
really is powerful in steering cloud. So you can
imagine this um in in quite a non-trivial way as
well. So imagine you have scenarios, situations,
even in this case concrete accidents that have
happened that are um tricky for claw to get right.
But you with your human intuition and your human
label data um is able to actually get to the right
conclusion. Then you can bake that information
into the system problem itself by having clear-cut
examples of a the data that that it's supposed
to look at. So you can have visual examples.
you can just base 64 encode a a an image and have
that as part of the data that you're passing along
into the examples and then on top of that you can
have the sort of depiction or description rather
of how to break that down and understand it. This
is something we really highlight and and emphasize
in how you can sort of push the limits of your
LLM application is by baking in these examples
into system prompt. And this again is sort of the
empirical science of prompt engineering that you
sort of always want to push the limits of your
application and get that feedback loop in where
it's going wrong and try to add that into system
prompt so that next time when example that sort
of mimics that u takes place it's able to actually
reference it in its example set. You can see here
as well, this is just a little example of how we
do this. Again, really emphasizing the sort of XML
structure that we we um we enjoy. It's it gives a
lot of structure to the clone. It's what it's been
fine-tuned on as well. Um and it works perfectly
well for this example. And in our case, we're not
doing this just because it's a simple demo,
but you can realistically imagine if you were
building this for an insurance company, you'd have
tens, maybe even hundreds of examples are quite
difficult, maybe in the gray, that you'd like to
make sure that Claude actually has some basis in
to make the verdict next time. Um, another topic
we really want to highlight, which we're not doing
in this demo, is conversation history. It's in the
same vein as examples. uh we use this to make sure
that the enough context rich information is at
close disposal when it when when closing on on on
your behalf. Um in our case now this isn't really
a userfacing LLM application. It's more something
happening in the background. You can imagine for
this insurance company they have this automated
system some data is generated out of this and then
you might have a human in the loop at towards the
end. If you were have to build something much more
userf facing where you'd have a long conversation
history that would be um relevant to bring in this
is a perfect place in the system prompt to include
because it enriches the context that Claude works
within. Um in our case we haven't done so but what
we do is and the next step is try to make sure
we give a concrete reminder of the task at hand.
So, now we're going to build out the
final part of this prompt for Claude,
and that's coming back to the reminder of what
the immediate task is and giving Claude a reminder
about any important guidelines that we want it
to follow. Some reasons that we may do this are
a preventing hallucinations. Um, so we want Claude
to uh not invent details that it's not finding in
this prompt, right? Or not finding in the data.
If Claude can't tell which form is checked,
we don't want Claude to take its best guess or
invent the idea that a box might be checked when
it's not. If the sketch is unintelligible, the
person did a really bad job drawing this drawing
and even a human would not be able to figure it
out. We want Claude to be able to say that. And
so these are some of the things we'll include in
this final reminder and kind of wrap up step for
Claude. Uh remind it to do things like answer only
if it's very confident. We could even ask it to
refer back to what it has seen in the form anytime
it's making a factual claim. So if it wants to say
vehicle B turned right, it should say I know this
based on the fact that box two is clearly checked
or whatever it might be. We can kind of give
Claude some guidelines about that. So if we go
back to the console, we can see the next version
of the prompt and we're going to keep uh we're
going to keep everything the same here in the
system prompt. So, we're not changing any of that
background context that we gave to Claude about
the form, about how it's going to fill everything
out. We're not changing anything else about the
context and the role. We're just adding this
detailed list of tasks. And this is how we want
Claude to go about analyzing this. And a really
key thing that we found here as we were building
this demo and when we were working on the customer
example is that the order in which Claude analyzes
this information is very important. And this is
analogous to way you might think about doing this.
If you were a human, you would probably not look
at the drawing first and try to understand what
was going on, right? It's pretty unclear. It's
a bunch of boxes and lines. We don't really know
what that drawing is supposed to mean without any
additional context. But if we have the form and we
can read the form first and understand that we're
talking about a car accident and that we're seeing
some checkboxes that indicate what vehicles we're
doing at certain times, then we know a little
bit more about how to understand what might be
in the drawing. And so that's the kind of detail
that we're going to give Claude here is to say,
"Hey, first go look at the form. Look at it very
carefully. Make sure you can tell what boxes are
checked. Make sure you're not missing anything
here. Um, make a list for yourself of what you see
in that. And then move on to the sketch. So after
you've kind of confidently gotten information
out of the form and you can say what's factually
true, then you can go on and think about what you
can gain from that sketch. keeping in mind your
understanding of the accident so far. So, whatever
you've learned from the form, you're trying to
match that up with the sketch. And that's how
you're going to arrive um at your final uh at your
final assessment of the form. And we'll run it.
And here you can see one behavior that
this produced for Claude because I told
it to very carefully examine the form. It's
showing me its work as it does that. So,
it's telling me each individual box. Is the box
checked? Is it not checked? And so, this is one
thing you'll notice as you do prompt engineering.
In our previous prompts, we were kind of letting
claw decide how much it wanted to tell us about
what it saw on the form here. Because I've told
it carefully examine each and every box, it's very
carefully examining each and every box. And that
might not be what we want in the end. So, that's
something we might change. Um, but it's also going
to give me these other things that I asked for
in XML tags. So, a nice analysis of the form, the
accident summary so far. It's going to give me a
sketch analysis, and it's going to continue to say
that vehicle B appears to be clearly at fault. In
this in this example, it's pretty simple example
with more complicated drawings, more uh less
clarity in the forms. This kind of step-by-step
thinking for Claude is really impactful in
its ability to make a correct assessment here.
Uh, so I think we'll go back to the slides and
Christian's going to talk about a last kind of
piece that we might add to this um to really make
it useful for a real world task. Indeed. Thank
you so much. So, as Hannah mentioned, uh, we sort
of set the stage in this prompt to make sure that
really acting on our behalf in a right manner.
Um, and a key step that we also add towards the
end of this prompt that I'm going to show you in a
second is a simple sort of guidelines or reminder
part as well. just strengthening and reinforcing
exactly what we want to get out of it. And one
important piece is actually output formatting.
You can imagine if you're a data engineer working
on this LM application, all the sort of fancy
preamble is great, but at the end of the day,
you want your piece of information to to
be stored in, let's say, your SQL database,
wherever you want to store that data. And the rest
of it that is necessary for cloud to sort of give
its verdict isn't really that necessary for your
application. You want the nitty-gritty information
for your application. So if we transition back to
the console, you'll see here that we just added
a simple importance guidelines part. And again,
this is just reinforcing the sort of mechanical
behavior that we want out of cloud here. Want
to make sure that the summary is clear, concise,
and accurate. Want to make sure that nothing
is sort of impeding in in in Claw's assessment
apart from the data it's analyzing. And then
finally, when it comes to output formatting,
in my case here, I'm just going to ask Claude
to wrap its final verdict. All other stuff I'm
actually going to ignore for my application and
just look at what it's actually assessing. And
that is I can I can use this if I want to build
some sort of analytics tool afterwards as well.
Or if I just want a clearcut um uh determination,
this is a way I can do so. So if I just run this
here, you'll see it's going through the same sort
of process that we've seen before. In this case,
it's much more succinct because we've asked
to be to summarize its findings in a much
more straightforward manner. And then finally
towards the end you'll see that it'll wrap my
output in these final verdict XML tags. So you
can see that during this demo we've gone from
a skiing accident to sort of unconfident insecure
outputs from perhaps a car accident in the second
version to now a much more strictly formatted
confident output that we can actually build an
application around and actually help you know a
real world um car insurance company for example.
U finally if we transition back to the um slides
another key way of shaping CL's output is actually
putting words in CL's mouth or as we call it
pre-filled responses. You could imagine that
parsing XML tags is nice and all but maybe you
want a structured JSON output to make sure that
uh it's JSON serializable and you can use this
in a subse subsequent call for example. Um this
is quite simple to do. You could just add that um
claude needs to begin its output with a certain
format. This could be for example a uh open
square bracket squarely bracket for example
or even in this case that we see in front of us
this would be an XML tag for itinerary. In our
case it could also be that final verdict XML tag.
Um, and this is just a great way of again shaping
how Claude is supposed to respond. Um, without all
the preamble if you don't want that, even though
that is also key in shaping his output to make
sure that Claude is reasoning through the steps
that we wanted. So in our case here, we would just
wrap it in the final verdict and then parse it
afterwards. But you can use prefill as well. Now
finally one step that I would like to highlight
here as well is that both cloud 3.7 and especially
cloud 4 of course is a sort of hybrid reasoning
model meaning that there's extended thinking at
your disposal. Um and this is something we want
to highlight because you can use extended thinking
as a crutch for your prompt engineering. Basically
you can enable this to make sure that Claude
actually has time to think. It adds his thinking
tags and the scratch pad. Um and the beauty of
that is you can actually analyze that transcript
to understand how claude is going about that data.
So as we mentioned we have these check boxes where
it goes through step by step of the scenario
that transpired for the accident. And in many
ways there you can actually try to help claude in
building this into the system prompt itself. It's
not only more token efficient but it's a good way
of understanding how these intelligent models that
don't have our intuition actually go about the
data that we provide them. And because of that,
it's quite key in actually trying to break down
how your system prompt can get a lot better. Um,
and with that said, I think uh I'd like to thank
all you for coming today. We'll be around as well.
So if you have any questions on prompting, please
uh please go ahead. I know there's a prompting.
You want to learn more about prompting in an hour.
We have prompting for agents and right now we
have an amazing demo of Claude plays Pokemon. So
don't go anywhere for that. And as Christian said,
we'll be around all day. So, I know we
didn't have time for Q&A in this session,
but uh please come find us if you want to chat.
And thank you guys for coming. Thank you so much.